Capstone Project — Certificate Program in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning
Zepto Data & AI Platform
An end-to-end AI/ML engineer is expected to move comfortably across the full stack: pulling raw data from the wild, cleaning and storing it properly, understanding it visually, building and evaluating predictive models on it, and — increasingly — wrapping intelligence around it with a deployed GenAI service. In this capstone you are joining Zepto's analytics guild as an incoming AI/ML engineer, and your first assignment is to ship one connected platform made of three internally-linked capabilities: a data-engineering pipeline that turns raw scraped data into a clean relational store, an analytics pipeline that profiles and models a customer-style dataset end to end, and a GenAI support assistant that answers policy questions grounded in Zepto's own documents. All three live together in one repository — this is a single, coherent submission, not three unrelated exercises. Every technique required below is a standard, well-documented technique in professional AI/ML practice, with widely available tooling and documentation support.

You may build the three modules in any order, but they are meant to read as one story: a data pipeline feeds Zepto's analysts clean structured data (/data_pipeline), an analytics pipeline shows how Zepto would profile and predict customer/passenger-style outcomes end to end (/analytics), and a support assistant shows how Zepto would put a grounded GenAI service in front of its own policies (/support_assistant). Each module is graded independently against its own criteria, but they all live in, and are submitted as, one single public GitHub repository.

Total marks: 100 · Modules: 3 (/data_pipeline — 25, /analytics — 50, /support_assistant — 25)

Submission Guidelines (read first)
Submit exactly ONE public GitHub repository link for this entire project. Do not create separate repositories per module — there is one repo, containing all three module folders (/data_pipeline, /analytics, /support_assistant) at its root, plus one root README.md.
The root README.md must document: how to set up the project (a requirements.txt per module, or one consolidated requirements.txt, your choice — state which), how to run each of the three modules end to end, and a short summary of your design decisions for each module. Any written interpretation a task asks for lives as Markdown text — inside the root README, a module-level README, or notebook Markdown cells — not in a separate document type.
All deliverables are textual: code lives in the repository as .py/.ipynb files, and every write-up lives as Markdown text inside the repository. No screenshots, images, PDFs, slide decks, presentations, video, or audio are required or accepted anywhere in this project. Chart image files your code generates (e.g., saved .png plots) may live inside the repository as supporting artifacts, but they are never a substitute for the required written interpretation — a grader must be able to assess your work from the text alone.
Academic integrity: the code, analysis, and written interpretations must be your own. You may use standard library/framework documentation, but the reasoning and implementation must be authored by you.
Deadline: submit your single repository link by the date/time communicated separately on the LMS for this evaluation.
Git workflow (scored once, against the whole repository). Your repository's commit history should show at least one feature branch that was created, committed to at least twice, and then merged back into main (visible via git log --graph --all or the repository's branch/merge-commit history). This is expected practice for the project as a whole and is checked once against the entire repo's history — it is not required separately inside each module folder, and it is not double-counted across modules. It is a scored criterion under /data_pipeline's rubric (see grader_rubric.md), but the branch and merge activity itself may touch any part of the repository.
No paid services required anywhere in this project. Every external service used below has an explicitly free path stated in its module — read each module's fallback note before you begin, since a fallback stated in one module does not carry over to another module's separate dependency.
Module 1 — Data Pipeline (/data_pipeline) — 25 marks
Zepto's analysts need a way to benchmark catalog-style pricing and availability data before it ever reaches a dashboard. In this module you'll play that data-engineering role: scrape live product data from a public scraping-practice site, clean it, enrich it with the project's baseline fixed-rate currency conversion, and load it into a properly normalized relational database that you then query with both SQL and pandas — exactly the kind of raw-to-relational pipeline a catalog/competitive-intelligence workflow needs.

Data source: books.toscrape.com — a public website built specifically for scraping practice. It requires no login, no API key, and imposes no paid tier; you may scrape it freely. (The catalogue happens to be books rather than groceries — that's fine, the exercise is about the pipeline mechanics: scrape → clean → convert → store → query, which is identical regardless of product category.)

Tasks
Using the requests and BeautifulSoup libraries, scrape all books listed across at least 3 different book categories (or, if you prefer, the first 5 paginated listing pages of the "All products" catalogue — either scope is acceptable as long as your final dataset has at least 60 books). For each book capture: title, price (as listed, in GBP), star_rating (as text, e.g. "Three"), availability (as listed text), and category.

Clean the scraped fields into proper types:

Strip the currency symbol from price and convert it to a float column price_gbp.
Convert the text star rating (One…Five) into an integer column rating (1–5).
Parse the availability text into a boolean column in_stock.
If any field fails to parse for a given row (e.g., unexpected text), handle it with the median-imputation approach for numeric fields or drop the row (state and justify your choice) — do not leave the pipeline crashing on messy rows.
Convert price_gbp to a price_inr column using the project's fixed baseline conversion rate: 1 GBP = 105.50 INR. This is an artificial, project-defined constant for this assignment, not a live or historical market rate, so it never needs a lookup or a date reference. This fixed-rate conversion is the required, keyless baseline and is what gets graded for this task — it requires no external API call and no network access; simply state this exact rate in your README. (Optional, ungraded stretch — must not affect your required submission: if you want extra practice with the requests library and explicit HTTP status-code handling, you may additionally look up any free, keyless currency-conversion API of your own choosing, check its response status code explicitly, and fall back to the fixed rate above on any failure. This is entirely optional; your price_inr column must be fully correct using only the required fixed-rate baseline, since that path alone is what gets graded.)

Design a normalized SQLite schema with at least two tables sharing a primary/foreign key relationship, for example:

categories(category_id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY, category_name TEXT UNIQUE)
books(book_id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY, title TEXT, price_gbp REAL, price_inr REAL, rating INTEGER, in_stock INTEGER, category_id INTEGER REFERENCES categories(category_id))
(You may rename columns/tables, but the two-table PK/FK structure is required.)

Using Python's sqlite3 (or pandas.DataFrame.to_sql), insert your cleaned, converted data into this schema. Then write and execute at least 5 SQL queries against the database that collectively demonstrate: SELECT/WHERE, ORDER BY, LIMIT, DISTINCT, and (IN or BETWEEN) — plus at least one JOIN between your two tables (e.g., "list the 10 highest-rated books per category"). Save each query string and its output.

Read back at least two of the above query results into pandas DataFrames using pd.read_sql(...), and separately reproduce the join-query's result using pd.merge(...) directly on your in-memory DataFrames (no SQL) — show that both approaches produce equivalent output.

Acceptance criteria (your submission is complete when…)
The scraping script/notebook runs end to end without manual copy-pasting and yields ≥ 60 book rows across ≥ 3 categories.
price_gbp, rating (int 1–5), in_stock (bool), and price_inr columns are all present and correctly typed; price_inr is computed from the required fixed-rate baseline (1 GBP = 105.50 INR, a fixed project-defined constant with no date reference), with that exact rate stated in the README.
The repository includes the SQLite database file or the exact script that regenerates it from scratch, implementing the two-table PK/FK schema described above.
≥ 5 SQL queries are present with their printed/logged output, collectively covering every required clause, plus at least one JOIN.
The pd.read_sql and pd.merge outputs for the join query are shown side by side and match.
README documents install/run steps and any parsing/cleaning decisions you made.
The overall repository's commit history shows a feature branch created, committed to at least twice, and merged back into main — checked once across the whole repository, not per module.
Submission
This module lives at /data_pipeline inside the single project repository: the scraping + cleaning + database-loading code (script(s) or a single organized notebook), the SQLite database (or its exact recreation script), the executed SQL queries with output, and a short module-level note (in a /data_pipeline/README.md or the root README) covering install/run steps and design decisions.

Module 2 — Analytics Pipeline (/analytics) — 50 marks
This module is Zepto's analyst-to-data-scientist workflow in one pass: profile a dataset, handle its imperfections defensibly, tell a clear visual story about it, and then build and rigorously evaluate a full predictive-modeling pipeline on top of the same data. Load the classic Titanic dataset once, through Seaborn's built-in loader: sns.load_dataset('titanic'). Note that this loader requires internet access the first time it runs, since it fetches the dataset from Seaborn's online data repository and caches it locally; subsequent runs on the same machine reuse the cache and do not need the network again.

This is deliberately one cohesive pipeline, not two disconnected exercises: you load the dataset once, clean it once, and every later step — EDA, modeling, tuning, the regression side-task — builds on that same cleaned data. A natural way to structure this inside /analytics is two clearly ordered notebooks that share one committed CSV — e.g. 01_eda.ipynb (loads the data, profiles it, cleans it, saves titanic.csv, and produces the full EDA story) followed by 02_modeling.ipynb (reads the same committed titanic.csv that 01_eda.ipynb produced, and continues straight into the modeling pipeline). Scripts instead of notebooks, or a single notebook, are equally acceptable — what matters is that the dataset is loaded from the network/cache exactly once, and every subsequent step is a continuation of that one load, never an independent second sns.load_dataset('titanic') call.

Tasks
Part A — Profiling, cleaning, and the data story

Load the dataset and profile it: print df.info(), df.describe(), and df.shape. Compute and report the percentage of missing values in every column that has any. Immediately after loading, save the loaded DataFrame as a committed offline fallback — df.to_csv("titanic.csv", index=False) — inside /analytics, so your submission can be graded via pd.read_csv("titanic.csv") even if sns.load_dataset(...) cannot reach the internet at grading time. This is the one and only load of the raw dataset; everything below — including the modeling pipeline — works from this same DataFrame or its saved CSV.
Apply missing-value handling per column, following this threshold rule (under 5% missing → drop those rows; 5%–30% missing → impute) — and for any column whose missing rate is so high that imputation would be unreliable, explicitly decide to either drop the column or encode "missing" as its own category, and justify that decision in writing. State the exact percentage you measured for each affected column before choosing its strategy.
Univariate analysis: plot a histogram and a box plot for both age and fare. Using the IQR rule (outliers are points outside [Q1 − 1.5×IQR, Q3 + 1.5×IQR]), report how many outliers each column has. Compute mean, median, and mode for fare, and state in writing whether its distribution is right-skewed, left-skewed, or symmetric, referencing the mean/median/mode ordering.
Bivariate analysis: using boolean masking (with &/| combinations), compute and report survival rate broken down by (a) sex, (b) pclass, and (c) sex and pclass together. Then compute a correlation matrix restricted to exactly these six columns: survived, pclass, age, sibsp, parch, and fare — the dataset's numeric columns, including survived (0/1-valued) as the natural numeric target. Exclude the boolean-typed columns adult_male and alone from the correlation matrix: they are derived/redundant flags (directly computable from sex/age and from sibsp+parch respectively), not independent measured features. Render the resulting 6×6 matrix as a heatmap using sns.heatmap, with a short written interpretation of the two strongest correlations you observe — defined precisely as the two feature pairs with the largest absolute off-diagonal correlation coefficients (rank all off-diagonal pairs by abs(correlation) and take the top two).
Multivariate "data story": produce at least 4 distinct charts (any combination of bar/box/scatter/heatmap/pair-plot) that together build a coherent argument about who was more likely to survive and why. Each chart must be accompanied by a 2–4 sentence written interpretation in your README/notebook — a chart with no interpretation does not count.
As an exploratory check (not yet the modeling pipeline's own preprocessing — that is handled separately in Task 8 below), standardize age and fare using the z-score formula z = (x − mean) / std on the full cleaned DataFrame (you may use StandardScaler or compute it manually). Show a before/after comparison (e.g., a printed summary of means/stds, or overlaid distribution plots) confirming the transformed columns have (approximately) mean 0 and standard deviation 1. This is purely an EDA-stage sanity check; it does not feed into the modeling pipeline, which performs its own train-only scaling.
Part B — Predictive modeling, continuing from the same cleaned data

Split the data into train/test sets first, using a stratified split (justify why stratification matters given the class balance you observed in Task 1). Use survived as the classification target.
Preprocessing (fit on training data only): handle missing values in the columns you use (you do not need to match your Task 2 strategy exactly, but state your choice), encode categorical columns (sex, embarked) with label or one-hot encoding, and scale numeric features with StandardScaler. Every preprocessing step (imputer, encoder, scaler) must be fit only on the training split, then applied in transform-only mode to the test split — never fit or refit any preprocessing step on the test data or on the full pre-split dataset, since that leaks test-set information into training. It is strongly recommended you implement this with a scikit-learn Pipeline/ColumnTransformer (a ColumnTransformer for per-column imputing/encoding/scaling, wrapped in a Pipeline with the final estimator) so the fit-on-train / transform-on-test separation is enforced structurally rather than left for you to remember by hand.
Train three classifiers on the same train/test split: Logistic Regression, Decision Tree, and Random Forest. For the Decision Tree, additionally render it with plot_tree, labeling feature names and class names.
Evaluate all three models with: a confusion matrix, accuracy, precision, recall, F1 score, and an ROC curve with AUC. Present these side by side in a single comparison table.
Imbalance handling comparison: report survived/not-survived class balance, then retrain (any one of the three models is enough for this sub-task) three ways — (a) baseline/no handling, (b) class_weight='balanced', (c) SMOTE oversampling applied only to the training fold (to avoid leakage) — and compare precision/recall/F1 across the three variants, with a short written conclusion on which imbalance strategy worked best and why.
Hyperparameter tuning: run GridSearchCV over the Random Forest's n_estimators, max_depth, and max_features, report the best parameter combination and the corresponding out-of-bag (OOB) score. Because oob_score_ is only populated when oob_score=True is passed at construction time, you must construct the estimator as RandomForestClassifier(oob_score=True, ...) (together with your other chosen/tuned parameters) — otherwise the OOB score will not be available to report.
Regression side-task: using the same dataset, predict fare from the other available features with a multivariate linear regression. Report MAE, RMSE, R², and Adjusted R², and produce a residual plot, stating in writing whether it shows heteroscedasticity (a non-random spread of residuals).
Write a model comparison table that presents the three classifiers' metrics (accuracy, precision, recall, F1, AUC) side by side, and the regression model's metrics (MAE, RMSE, R², Adjusted R²) side by side as their own separate columns. Classification metrics and regression metrics are on different scales and are not directly comparable numbers — the table must present them as two distinct metric groups (one per model type), not implied to be on a single shared scale. Add a 3–5 sentence final written recommendation of which classifier you would deploy and why, referencing specific metric values.
Save your best-performing complete pipeline — the fitted preprocessing steps (imputer/encoder/scaler, or your ColumnTransformer) together with the final estimator, as a single combined object (e.g. a scikit-learn Pipeline) — to disk using joblib.dump(full_pipeline, ...). Do not save the bare estimator alone: the saved artifact must be usable end-to-end on raw, unpreprocessed new data. Include a short script/cell that reloads it with joblib.load and confirms it still predicts correctly on raw input.
Acceptance criteria (your submission is complete when…)
Missing-value percentages are reported for every affected column, and the strategy applied to each explicitly cites the percentage-based threshold rule that justified it.
A titanic.csv file (produced via df.to_csv("titanic.csv", index=False)) is committed inside /analytics as the one offline fallback for the dataset, loadable via pd.read_csv("titanic.csv") — and the raw dataset is loaded from network/cache exactly once across the whole module, never reloaded independently for the modeling stage.
IQR-based outlier counts are reported for both age and fare, and the skewness conclusion for fare explicitly compares mean, median, and mode.
All three bivariate breakdowns (sex, pclass, sex+pclass) report numeric survival rates, and the correlation matrix/heatmap is computed on exactly the six specified columns (survived, pclass, age, sibsp, parch, fare), with adult_male and alone excluded, and its two strongest correlations — the two feature pairs with the largest absolute off-diagonal correlation coefficients — are named and interpreted in text.
At least 4 multivariate charts are present, each with its own written interpretation, and the exploratory before/after standardization check is shown for both age and fare.
A stratified train/test split is correctly implemented before any preprocessing, with a valid justification referencing class balance.
All preprocessing steps (imputation, encoding, scaling) are fit only on the training split and applied in transform-only mode to the test split — no step is fit or refit on the test data or on the full pre-split dataset.
All three classifiers are trained on the identical split, the decision tree is visualized via plot_tree with labeled features/classes, and the full metric suite (confusion matrix, accuracy, precision, recall, F1, ROC/AUC) is reported for each of the three classifiers.
The three-way imbalance comparison (baseline vs. class_weight='balanced' vs. SMOTE) is present with a written conclusion, and SMOTE is applied to the training fold only.
GridSearchCV best parameters and OOB score are reported for a RandomForestClassifier(oob_score=True, ...).
The regression sub-task reports all four stated metrics and an explicit heteroscedasticity conclusion.
The final model comparison table and written recommendation are present, with classifier and regression metrics presented as separate metric columns rather than a single merged scale.
The saved artifact is the complete fitted pipeline (preprocessing steps + final estimator together, via joblib.dump(full_pipeline, ...)), included (or regenerable), demonstrably reloadable, and usable end-to-end on raw new data.
Submission
This module lives at /analytics inside the single project repository: the EDA and modeling code (e.g. 01_eda.ipynb + 02_modeling.ipynb, or your own clearly ordered structure), the one committed titanic.csv offline-fallback file, any saved chart images as supporting artifacts, the saved joblib pipeline file, and a short module-level note (in /analytics/README.md or the root README) with every required written interpretation, the model comparison table, and the final recommendation.

Module 3 — Support Assistant (/support_assistant) — 25 marks
This module asks you to build a small but complete GenAI service for Zepto: a document corpus you embed and index, a LangGraph-orchestrated flow that routes each query and retrieves grounded context, a structured-output guarantee, and a FastAPI wrapper you run locally. The entire pipeline is graded through a deterministic, fully offline mock mode for the LLM calls — no signup, no API key, and no network access to any LLM provider are required to earn full marks on this module. A real LLM call and a live cloud deployment are both optional, ungraded extensions layered on top of that graded baseline (see the toggles below).

LLM calls — offline mock is the graded baseline (read before starting): every LLM call in this module is gated behind a single environment variable, MOCK_LLM. Left unset, or set to MOCK_LLM=1, the service runs the fully deterministic, rule-based mock logic described in Task 3 below — no signup, no API key, and no network call to any LLM provider. This is the default state and is what gets graded; your submission must be fully correct using only this path. Only when MOCK_LLM=0 is explicitly set does the service call a real LLM.

(Optional, ungraded extension — must not affect your required submission: if you want the extra practice, set MOCK_LLM=0 and use Groq's API free tier (console.groq.com) as your LLM backend. It requires only a free account signup — no credit card and no payment is ever required for the free tier, though it carries a request-rate quota. If Groq is unavailable to you for any reason, any other LLM API with a genuinely free tier, not merely a time-limited trial, is an acceptable substitute. This MOCK_LLM=0 path is entirely optional and is graded with MOCK_LLM left at its default, so your answer/sources/confidence output must be fully correct using only the required mock baseline. This is a separate optional decision from this module's deployment step below; each has its own dependency.)

Embeddings — no API needed: generate embeddings locally using the open-source sentence-transformers library with the all-MiniLM-L6-v2 model, and store them in ChromaDB — both run entirely on your machine at no cost and require no account.

Document corpus (use this exact text — copy it into your repository as-is)
Create 8 files (e.g., docs/doc_01.txt … docs/doc_08.txt) with the following content, one document per file, describing Zepto's own delivery, returns, membership, and support policies:

doc_01 — Delivery Policy: "Zepto delivers grocery and household essentials to serviceable pin codes within 10 to 30 minutes of order confirmation, depending on the customer's delivery zone and current order volume. Standard delivery is free on orders over INR 149; orders below this threshold incur a flat INR 25 delivery fee. Priority delivery, which reserves the next available rider slot, is available at checkout for an additional INR 15. Zepto does not currently deliver to addresses outside its listed serviceable pin codes."

doc_02 — Returns & Refunds: "Grocery and perishable items may be reported for a return within 24 hours of delivery if damaged, spoiled, or incorrect; non-perishable packaged items may be returned within 7 days of delivery in unopened, resalable condition. Approved refunds are credited to the original payment method within 3–5 business days, or instantly to the Zepto wallet if the customer opts for wallet credit. Personal care items that have been opened are non-returnable except in the case of a manufacturing defect. Return pickup, where required, is arranged free of cost by Zepto."

doc_03 — Membership Tiers: "Zepto offers three account tiers: Basic (free, default tier, standard delivery fees apply), Zepto Pass (INR 49 per month, free standard delivery on all orders and 5% off select categories), and Zepto Pass+ (INR 99 per month, free priority delivery, 10% off select categories, and early access to limited-time deals 24 hours before they go live to Basic and Pass members). Membership can be cancelled at any time from account settings; cancelling stops the next billing cycle but does not refund the current membership period."

doc_04 — Order Tracking: "Every Zepto order shows a live rider-tracking map from the moment it is packed until delivery, accessible from the 'Track Order' screen. Estimated delivery time updates automatically as the rider moves. If an order's status shows no movement for more than 20 minutes past its original estimated delivery time, customers should contact support directly rather than continue waiting, since this indicates a likely delivery issue."

doc_05 — Order Cancellation Policy: "Orders can be cancelled free of cost any time before the order status changes to 'Packed', typically within the first 2 minutes of placing the order. Once an order has been packed, it can no longer be cancelled through the app, since the rider is dispatched immediately after packing given Zepto's quick-delivery model. If a packed order cannot be delivered due to a Zepto-side issue (for example, rider unavailability), the order is auto-cancelled and fully refunded without any cancellation fee."

doc_06 — Damaged or Missing Items: "If an order arrives with damaged, spoiled, or missing items, customers must report it within 24 hours of delivery through the 'Report an Issue' button on the order page. Zepto ships a free replacement or issues a full refund for damaged, spoiled, or missing items without requiring the customer to return the original item, unless the order value exceeds INR 1000, in which case a photo of the issue must be submitted through the report form before a replacement or refund is processed."

doc_07 — Gift Cards: "Zepto gift cards are available in fixed denominations of INR 100, INR 250, INR 500, and INR 1000, and are delivered by email or SMS within minutes of purchase. Gift cards are valid for 1 year from the date of issue and carry no maintenance fees. Gift card balance can be combined with one other payment method at checkout but cannot be combined with another gift card in the same transaction. Gift card balance cannot be redeemed for cash except where required by law."

doc_08 — Customer Support Hours: "Zepto customer support is available via in-app chat 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, given the time-sensitive nature of quick commerce deliveries. Average in-app chat response time is under 2 minutes. Email support is also available for non-urgent queries and is answered within 24 hours on business days. Phone support is not offered."

Tasks
Load all 8 documents, chunk them (a simple per-document chunk, or a smaller fixed-size chunking scheme, is fine given their length), embed each chunk with all-MiniLM-L6-v2, and store the embeddings in a ChromaDB collection.

Design a structured prompt template following the role–context–task–format–length skeleton, including at least one explicit negative constraint (e.g., "do not answer using information not present in the provided context") and at least one few-shot example embedded in the prompt.

Build a LangGraph StateGraph with a TypedDict state and at least 3 nodes. Every node's generation step must branch on the MOCK_LLM toggle from above — the mock branch is the required, graded baseline; the real-LLM branch is the optional MOCK_LLM=0 extension:

classify_intent — classifies the incoming query as either policy_question (needs retrieval from the Zepto policy corpus) or general_question (does not need retrieval). Mock mode (MOCK_LLM unset or 1 — graded baseline): classify using a keyword heuristic — if the lowercased query contains any of "delivery", "return", "refund", "membership", "tracking", "cancel", "gift card", or "support hours", classify it policy_question; otherwise classify it general_question. No LLM call is made. Optional MOCK_LLM=0 extension: call the LLM to classify instead.
retrieve_and_answer — for policy_question queries: embeds the query and retrieves the top-3 most similar chunks from ChromaDB via cosine similarity — this retrieval step always runs for real, in both modes, since embedding and ChromaDB need no API key and no network call. Only the final answer-generation step branches on MOCK_LLM. Mock mode (graded baseline): instead of calling an LLM, return a canned templated answer of the form f"Based on the retrieved context: {top_chunk_snippet}", where top_chunk_snippet is a short excerpt (e.g. the first ~200 characters) of the single most similar retrieved chunk. Optional MOCK_LLM=0 extension: prompt the real LLM (using your structured template from Task 2) to answer grounded only in the retrieved chunks.
direct_answer — for general_question queries: mock mode (graded baseline): return a fixed canned string (e.g. "I can only answer questions about Zepto policies right now."), with no LLM call. Optional MOCK_LLM=0 extension: prompt the LLM directly, with no retrieval.
Wire a conditional edge from classify_intent that routes to retrieve_and_answer or direct_answer based on the classification, mirroring a graph-based intent router. This routing logic does not itself depend on MOCK_LLM — only the generation step inside each node does.

Enforce a JSON output schema on the final answer via a Pydantic model with fields answer (string), sources (list of chunk/document IDs used, empty for general_question answers), and confidence (float 0–1). In mock mode, populate this schema deterministically from your own code — there is no LLM output to fail validation, since none was generated: e.g. sources = the ids of the chunks retrieved for policy_question, empty for general_question; confidence = a fixed value such as 1.0. In the optional MOCK_LLM=0 extension, if the real LLM's raw output fails to validate against this schema, retry up to 2 additional times with a corrective instruction before giving up and returning a clearly marked error response.

Wrap the graph in a FastAPI application with a POST /ask endpoint that accepts a Pydantic request model ({"query": str}) and returns the validated Pydantic response model above. Run it locally with uvicorn and demonstrate at least 2 example calls (one that should trigger retrieval, one that should not) with their raw JSON responses recorded in your README — run with MOCK_LLM left at its default, since that is what gets graded.

Write a Dockerfile for the FastAPI app that builds successfully and, on docker run, serves the POST /ask endpoint locally (e.g. via CMD ["uvicorn", "main:app", "--host", "0.0.0.0", "--port", "7860"] or equivalent). This locally buildable-and-runnable Dockerfile is the required, graded baseline for containerization — you do not need to push it anywhere to earn full marks. (Optional, ungraded stretch — must not affect your required submission: if you want the extra practice, deploy the same Dockerfile to Hugging Face Spaces using the free community CPU tier (no payment required), storing your LLM API key as a Space secret — never hardcode it or commit it to the repository — and include the live Space URL in your README along with a note confirming which tier (free) you used. This is entirely optional; your Dockerfile must be fully correct and locally runnable using only the required baseline, since that alone is what gets graded.)

In your README, write a short architecture description of the full RAG pipeline, covering each stage in order — ingestion → embedding → retrieval → generation — stating in text which component handles each stage (e.g., which files/functions perform chunking and embedding, which ChromaDB collection stores the vectors, which LangGraph node performs retrieval, and which node/prompt produces the final generated answer) and how data flows between them. Also state which stage(s) branch on the MOCK_LLM toggle and what changes between its default (mock) state and the optional real-LLM state. A short labeled diagram made of text/ASCII boxes and arrows is welcome but not required — a clear prose walkthrough of the pipeline stages satisfies this task.

Acceptance criteria (your submission is complete when…)
All 8 corpus documents are embedded and queryable from ChromaDB.
The structured prompt template shows all 5 skeleton components plus the negative constraint and few-shot example, as actual text (not just described) — used by the optional MOCK_LLM=0 extension.
With MOCK_LLM left at its default, classify_intent's keyword heuristic correctly routes at least one policy-style example query (containing a keyword such as "delivery", "return", "refund", "membership", "tracking", "cancel", "gift card", or "support hours") to policy_question, and at least one unrelated example query to general_question, with no LLM call made in either case.
The LangGraph graph has the 3 named nodes and a working conditional edge — demonstrated by at least one example each of a query routed to retrieve_and_answer and one routed to direct_answer, run with MOCK_LLM left at its default.
Retrieval for a policy_question example returns chunks from the correct source document (i.e., the retrieved chunk's content actually matches the question asked) — this retrieval step runs for real in both modes.
retrieve_and_answer's mock-mode output follows the canned "Based on the retrieved context: ..." template built from the top retrieved chunk, and direct_answer's mock-mode output is a fixed canned string — neither makes a network call when MOCK_LLM is at its default.
The Pydantic-validated JSON response schema (answer/sources/confidence) is correctly and deterministically populated in mock mode, and the retry-on-failure logic for the optional real-LLM path is present in code (even if it never needed to trigger).
The FastAPI app runs locally via uvicorn, and both example calls' JSON responses (recorded with MOCK_LLM left at its default) are shown.
A Dockerfile for the FastAPI app is present, correctly configured to build and run the app, and documented in the README as buildable/runnable locally (e.g. docker build + docker run serving /ask) — this is the required, graded baseline; an actual push to Hugging Face Spaces and a live URL are an optional, ungraded stretch.
The README includes a written architecture description of the RAG pipeline that names each stage (ingestion → embedding → retrieval → generation), states which component/file/node handles each one, and states which stage branches on MOCK_LLM and what changes in its optional real-LLM state.
Submission
This module lives at /support_assistant inside the single project repository: the corpus files, the LangGraph + FastAPI application code, the Dockerfile, and a short module-level note (in /support_assistant/README.md or the root README) with the example call transcripts (run with MOCK_LLM left at its default), the pipeline architecture description, and — only if you attempted the optional extensions — the real-LLM free-tier usage notes and/or the live Hugging Face Space URL.